[docs][nextjs] Document CSP for Next.js Pages Router (#45798)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/content-security-policy/content-security-policy.md

To use a CSP with a project initialized as a Create React App, you will need to set the `INLINE_RUNTIME_CHUNK=false` variable in the `.env` file used for your production build.
This will import the runtime script as usual instead of embedding it, avoiding the need to set a new hash during each deployment.

### Next.js Pages Router

> For Next.js Pages Router, after [setting up a nonce](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/content-security-policy#nonces), you can pass it to the Emotion cache which you'll do it in two places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Next.js Pages Router, after [setting up a nonce](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/content-security-policy#nonces), pass it to the Emotion cache in two places:
```

> First in the `_document.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `_document.tsx`:

```

```tsx
import {
 DocumentHeadTags,
 documentGetInitialProps,
 createEmotionCache,
} from '@mui/material-nextjs/v15-pagesRouter';
// other imports

type Props = DocumentInitialProps & DocumentHeadTagsProps & { nonce?: string };

export default function MyDocument(props: Props) {
  const { nonce } = props;

  return (
    <Html lang="en" className={roboto.className}>
      <Head>
        { /*...*/ } 
        <meta name="csp-nonce" content={nonce} />
        <DocumentHeadTags {...props} nonce={nonce} />
      </Head>
      <body>
        { /*...*/ }
        <NextScript nonce={nonce} />
      </body>
    </Html>
  );
}

MyDocument.getInitialProps = async (ctx: DocumentContext) => {
  const { req } = ctx;
  const nonce = req?.headers["x-nonce"];
  if (typeof nonce !== "string") {
    throw new Error('"nonce" header is missing');
  }

  const emotionCache = createEmotionCache({ nonce });
  const finalProps = await documentGetInitialProps(ctx, {
    emotionCache,
  });

  return { ...finalProps, nonce };
};
```

> And then in `_app.tsx` if you're setting up the `AppCacheProvider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `_app.tsx` (if you're setting up the `AppCacheProvider`):
```

To use a CSP with a project initialized as a Create React App, you will need to set the `INLINE_RUNTIME_CHUNK=false` variable in the `.env` file used for your production build.
This will import the runtime script as usual instead of embedding it, avoiding the need to set a new hash during each deployment.

> ### NextJS Page Router
> 
> For NextJS using Page Router, after [setting up a nonce](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/content-security-policy#nonces), you can pass it to the emotion cache which you'll do it in two places:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Next.js Pages Router

For Next.js Pages Router, after [setting up a nonce](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/content-security-policy#nonces), you can pass it to the Emotion cache which you'll do it in two places:
```
